What are NoSQL Databases?
    - NoSQL databases (aka "not only SQL") are non-tabular databases and store data differently than relational tables.
     NoSQL databases come in a variety of types based on their data model.
      The main types are document, key-value, wide-column, and graph. 
      They provide flexible schemas and scale easily with large amounts of data and high user loads.

Database, Collection, Documents
    -MongoDB stores data records as documents (specifically BSON documents) which are gathered together in collections. 
    A database stores one or more collections of documents.


CRUD Operation
   1 -  Create or insert operations add new documents to a collection. 
    If the collection does not currently exist, insert operations will create the collection.

    MongoDB provides the following methods to insert documents into a collection:

    db.collection.insertOne() 
    db.collection.insertMany()

    2 - Read operations retrieve documents from a collection; i.e. query a collection for documents. 
        MongoDB provides the following methods to read documents from a collection:

        db.collection.find()
    
    3 - Update operations modify existing documents in a collection.
        MongoDB provides the following methods to update documents of a collection:

        db.collection.updateOne() 
        db.collection.updateMany() 
        db.collection.replaceOne() 

    4 - Delete operations remove documents from a collection. 
        MongoDB provides the following methods to delete documents of a collection:

        db.collection.deleteOne() 
        db.collection.deleteMany() 


Aggregation, Pipeline

    -Aggregation operations process multiple documents and return computed results. 
    You can use aggregation operations to:

        Group values from multiple documents together.
        Perform operations on the grouped data to return a single result.
        Analyze data changes over time.

        An aggregation pipeline consists of one or more stages that process documents:

        Each stage performs an operation on the input documents. For example, a stage can filter documents, group documents, and calculate values.
        The documents that are output from one stage are input to the next stage.
        An aggregation pipeline can return results for groups of documents. For example, return the total, average, maximum, and minimum values.

Indexes 
    - To create an index in the Mongo Shell, use db.collection.createIndex().
    Indexes are special data structures [1] that store a small portion of the collection's data set in an easy to traverse form. 
    The index stores the value of a specific field or set of fields, ordered by the value of the field. 


